Let us analyze the insurance network. This network describes the
factors that influence the insurance claims made by customers of a
company. High property claims impose high costs on the company. To
find patterns related to these claims, search for patterns that
include the assignment "PropertyCost=Million" and have a probability
above 0.015. We obtain 12 patterns, most of which contain the
assignments "SeniorTrain=False" or "Theft=False". We don't find these
assignments interesting, so we impose a constraint that excludes them
from patterns. We also lower the threshold to 0.105 to find more
patterns. This gives us 76 patterns. An example is pattern
A={"PropertyCost=Million", "DrivingSkill=Substandard",
"DrivQuality=Poor", "LiabilityCost=Thousand"} which indicates a
connection between high property cost, the driving capabilities of
customer, and the liability cost incurred by him. However, we suspect
that there is a redundancy of information in some of the
patterns. Imposing a constraint for removing the patterns with
redundancies removes pattern A and keeps pattern
B={"PropertyCost=Million", "DrivingSkill=Poor",
"LiabilityCost=Thousand"}. The reason is that in our network poor
driving skills determinstically implies poor driving quality. Next we
retract the last constraint and search for patterns that are more
specific. Pattern A is discarded in favor of the more specific pattern
C={"PropertyCost=Million", "DrivingSkill=Substandard",
"DrivQuality=Poor" "LiabilityCost=Thousand",
"OtherCarCost=HunderdThousand"} which makes a connection to the case
of incurring high third-party costs in an accident.
